oauth2-app/README.md, before:

# HubSpot-ruby sample OAuth 2.0 app

This is a sample app for the [hubspot-ruby SDK](https://github.com/adimichele/hubspot-ruby). Currently, this app focuses on demonstrating the functionality of [Companies API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/companies/companies-overview) endpoints and their related actions.

Please see the documentation on [How do I create an app in HubSpot?](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/faq/how-do-i-create-an-app-in-hubspot)

### HubSpot Public API links used in this application

  - [Initiate an Integration with OAuth 2.0](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/initiate-oauth-integration)
  - [Get OAuth 2.0 Access Token and Refresh Tokens](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/get-access-and-refresh-tokens)
  - [Refresh OAuth 2.0 Access Token](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/refresh-access-token)
  - [Get all contacts](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/contacts/get_contacts)

### Setup App

Make sure you have [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) installed.

### Configure

1. Copy .env.template to .env
2. Paste your HUBSPOT_CLIENT_ID and HUBSPOT_CLIENT_SECRET

### Running

The best way to run this project (with the least configuration), is using docker compose.  Change to the webroot and start it

```bash
docker-compose up
```
You should now be able to navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) and use the application.

### Testing

1. Copy .env.test.template to .env.test
2. Paste your HUBSPOT_EMAIL, HUBSPOT_PASSWORD, HUBSPOT_USER_ID
3. run ```rspec -fd```

Commit message:

add scopes section to readme

oauth2-app/README.md, after:

# HubSpot-ruby sample OAuth 2.0 app

This is a sample app for the [hubspot-ruby SDK](https://github.com/adimichele/hubspot-ruby). Currently, this app focuses on demonstrating the functionality of [Companies API](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/companies/companies-overview) endpoints and their related actions.

Please see the documentation on [How do I create an app in HubSpot?](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/faq/how-do-i-create-an-app-in-hubspot)

### HubSpot Public API links used in this application

  - [Initiate an Integration with OAuth 2.0](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/initiate-oauth-integration)
  - [Get OAuth 2.0 Access Token and Refresh Tokens](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/get-access-and-refresh-tokens)
  - [Refresh OAuth 2.0 Access Token](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/refresh-access-token)
  - [Get all contacts](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/contacts/get_contacts)

### Note on Application Scopes
HubSpot provides a way to restrict application users access to the system to certain scopes. In order to do that it is a good practice to make a set of scopes required by your applicatuion.
Please refer to [Initiate an Integration with OAuth 2.0](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/initiate-oauth-integration) for documentation on the scope parameter passed to https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize to make a set of scopes required. [Scopes](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/methods/oauth2/initiate-oauth-integration#scopes) explains how to make optional scopes and talks about scopes available in HubSpot system

### Setup App

Make sure you have [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) installed.

### Configure

1. Copy .env.template to .env
2. Paste your HUBSPOT_CLIENT_ID and HUBSPOT_CLIENT_SECRET

### Running

The best way to run this project (with the least configuration), is using docker compose.  Change to the webroot and start it

```bash
docker-compose up
```
You should now be able to navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) and use the application.

### Testing

1. Copy .env.test.template to .env.test
2. Paste your HUBSPOT_EMAIL, HUBSPOT_PASSWORD, HUBSPOT_USER_ID
3. run ```rspec -fd```
